# Justin.tv - Style tweaks for the chat room box (17374)

### Information
- Author: Shawn C (unknown)
- Created at: unknown
- Updated at: 4/27/2009, 9:32:07 PM
- License: NO-REDISTRIBUTION
- Category: justin
- Rating: undefined
- Total installs: 648
- Weekly installs: 0


### Description
In the Firefox browser, using the `CTRL` and `+` or `–` keys allows you to zoom in or out (respectively) on any page. Doing so increases/decreases the size of most page elements, including text, images and video.  For this reason, I find `CTRL +` to be most helpful for minimizing the amount of wasted space that the Justin.tv stylesheets leave on both the left and right-hand sides of all "Channel" pages.  One annoying side effect of this, however, is that the size of the text in the chat room becomes way too large to handle.

This script solves that problem by setting the base font-size for all chat room text a few notches lower.  After this style tweak is installed... When the page is at normal zoom, the font-size will likely be too small to read comfortably, but zoom-in on the page a few levels (hold down `CTRL` and tap the `+` key to increment the zoom to a desired level) and you should be able to enjoy a larger video box; less wasted space along both sides of the page; and most importantly, chat room text at a manageable size.

One additional feature that I've implemented here is the option to reduce the size of the "timeout" and "ban" icons. Personally, I didn't like that they were so large, so I shrunk them down a bit.  This additional tweak has been disabled by default, but you may enable it by simply un-commenting it in the code (Remove the /* at the start of the line, and the */ at the end).




### Screenshots (links to userstyles.org)



