# Pawsru.org/4chan Dark Furry (27436)

### Information
- Author: GordonFreeman (unknown)
- Created at: unknown
- Updated at: 5/20/2010, 6:13:46 PM
- License: NO-REDISTRIBUTION
- Category: 4chan
- Rating: undefined
- Total installs: 632
- Weekly installs: 0


### Description
Code from an unknown userscript originally made for 4chan, modified for Pawsru.org. I take no credit for the original code, if anyone recognizes the code and can point towards the source...comment?

Works with all boards on Pawsru.org and 4chan.org.

Preview here: http://img69.imageshack.us/img69/9109/dis69124321432143154f43.jpg

NEW! There is a Male Furry themed style that looks like this one, but with a male character in the background. The Style can be found here style 30676

Due to the image size of the background it works best with screen resolutions of 1680x1050 and larger. Tested on 1920x1080 and 1680x1050.
If you want to use it on a smaller screen simply download and re-size this image to something that's more appropriate. ( http://img30.imageshack.us/img30/4812/cassandraf.png )
Then replace the url in the line "background-image:url('http://img30.imageshack.us/img30/4812/cassandraf.png') !important;" with your re-sized image.



Have fun! 

April 15th: I fixed a missing comma in the url-prefixes and the code is working again.
Arpil 17th: I made a sister style that helps the Nav panel on Pawsru.org have a matching black background style 28332 *
May 1st: Updated to work with pawsru.org's new /c/ board.
May 20th: Fixed an issue with the Spoilers tag not working properly. All spoilers on 4chan should properly be blacked out until moused over.

*You do not need this script if you are using this style only for 4chan, as it only applies to Pawsru.org.


### Screenshots (links to userstyles.org)



