# Warrior Cats Forums - Nebula Reskin 2 "Supernova" (59694)

### Information
- Author: Good King of Cats (unknown)
- Created at: 1/20/2012, 3:35:04 PM
- Updated at: 2/9/2012, 11:25:14 AM
- License:  CC-BY-NC-SA-4.0
- Category: warriorcats
- Rating: undefined
- Total installs: 668
- Weekly installs: 0


### Description
The Nebula Reskin is the oldest of my Warrior Cats Forums reskins. For the userstyles.org website, I've updated it with new features, including better signature handling, the ability to mix and match visual styles, and all-new backgrounds!

The site on its own, in my humble opinion, is rather ugly. This CSS should help you beautify the website with images of the universe I consider among the most glorious ever produced by man.

Note that this is now the preferred way to install this reskin. It should also be available on the forums.

Please read the additional info for vital information.

### Update notes
Important Note: The third dropdown menu allows you to select background. If you plan to post this code on the forums, please please PLEASE choose the Post-Friendly version of the "Blue Jet in Carina" background. All the other images I use are the in the public domain, which means they aren't under any copyright. Forum policy states that images you post you must own--no exceptions. By adding a watermark to "Blue Jet in Carina," I can claim ownership over the image and upload it to DeviantArt, allowing the background code to comply with the mods' requirement. In other words, for personal use, use any background you want, but if you want to copy and paste the code to the forums to share, you MUST chose the Post-Friendly version.

-----------
Version 2.0
-----------

Credit:

All code is by Good King of Cats. If you wish to make a custom stylesheet based on this code, please include credit to "Good King of Cats" somewhere in a comment in the code itself.

"Jet in Carina" by NASA, ESA, and the Hubble SM4 ERO Team.

"Spitzer and Hubble Create Colorful Masterpiece" by NASA, ESA, T. Megeath (University of Toledo) and M. Robberto (STScI).

"Wide View of 'Mystic Mountain'" by NASA, ESA, and M. Livio and the Hubble 20th Anniversary Team (STScI).

"Hubble's Sharpest View of the Orion Nebula" by NASA, ESA, M. Robberto (Space Telescope Science Institute/ESA) and the Hubble Space Telescope Orion Treasury Project Team.

All images are the work of NASA/STScI and are in the public domain.

Post-Friendly background hosted by DeviantArt. All other images hosted by HubbleSite.org

### Screenshots (links to userstyles.org)



