# Live Mail Freshener (May 30th, 2009 Update) (6273)

### Information
- Author: tsopeterchen (unknown)
- Created at: unknown
- Updated at: 5/30/2009, 6:29:53 PM
- License: NO-REDISTRIBUTION
- Category: live
- Rating: undefined
- Total installs: 1584
- Weekly installs: 0


### Description
[May 30th, 2009]:

Complete Overhaul
.. row highlighting
.. shortened email list
... expanded msg list height


If you prefer the speed of the Classic view, then here's something to push the crappy classic view up a knotch. 

- Ads removed
- Email listing line spacing increased
- Row highlighting
- "Mark as Unread" and "Print" button removed from listing view. (I never click these so I figured..)
- "Web" button for search removed. 
- Message numbers and page numbers bar removed. There is another one on the bottom. You only need one..
- a few other small things..



I'm not a pro scripter so there are a few things I wanted to do but couldn't and well, I really just don't have time. Exams are coming up soon. 

 - The status bar flashes like crazy with the links. It'd be nice if anyone could do a greasemonkey script and get rid of that.
 - The reply icons don't have transparent backgrounds. Not severe at all. But some people may find it annoying. 
 

[Edited]: Updated

[April 24th, 2008]: Fixed a few things. The headers were missing and now the headers are highlighted a different color. 

[June 21st, 2008]: I decided to retain some of the original theme. They aren't all that bad. 




### Screenshots (links to userstyles.org)



